<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="topic_jmr_tgc_lpb">
    <title>Membership Benefits</title>
    <body>
        <p>
            <div>
                <p>CIDM is an organization dedicated to helping advance the profession of
                    information development worldwide. Through CIDM, information professionals can
                    communicate with each other regularly and learn about each other’s successes,
                    problems, and innovations.</p>
                <p>Membership benefits include:</p>
                <ul id="ul_m5b_4hc_lpb">
                    <li>Conference Passes and Discounts<ul id="ul_nv2_4hc_lpb">
                            <li>To encourage participation in CIDM conferences, members receive free
                                and discounted registrations. The number of free passes depends on
                                your membership level and conference. Members always receive the
                                best pricing available for all CIDM conferences.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li>Best Practices Newsletter<ul id="ul_kq3_4hc_lpb">
                            <li>The Best Practices newsletter available to all CIDM members contains
                                a wealth of industry-related information. The quarterly newsletter
                                is emailed directly to the members then each newsletter article is
                                posted on the CIDM website for future reference. Access to the
                                articles is a benefit to members only.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li>Members-Only Forum<ul id="ul_s4l_4hc_lpb">
                            <li>Members can join the member-only CIDM Slack Workspace to connect and
                                collaborate. On the CIDM Slack Workspace, members can find channels
                                for hiring, training, quality control, metrics, content reuse,
                                change management, and more!</li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li>Management Round Tables<ul id="ul_dj4_4hc_lpb">
                            <li>Members can participate in monthly “open-mic” sessions to discuss
                                trends and issues associated with information-development. Each
                                month we present a new topic selected by members. We’ve discussed
                                everything from managing remote employees to working with Subject
                                Matter Experts.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li>Information Development Advice<ul id="ul_qzq_4hc_lpb">
                            <li>CIDM is managed by Comtech Services, a leading consulting firm that
                                has been helping clients produce better technical content for over
                                40 years. Members can reach out to the Comtech consultants for
                                advice or brainstorm innovated ideas.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                    <li>Workshop Discounts<ul id="ul_vrt_4hc_lpb">
                            <li>Members receive discounts for Comtech’s content strategy and DITA
                                training classes. Gold and Platinum level members benefit from a
                                two-for-one pricing option for most public workshops and also
                                receive a 10% discount on customized in-house workshops.</li>
                        </ul></li>
                </ul>
            </div>
        </p>
    </body>
</topic>
